Listing Type
Select an option from the 3 drop down menus.


Invention Title: 
	Drivestop System P7


Description: 
	A security system for the prevention of petrol theft from gas stations


Introduction:  
	A security system that uses patent protected stinger system to immobilise any vehicle by using a controlled deflation of the rear wheels. The offending vehicle will come to rest at a known distance from the point of theft.


Business details: 
	The company Drivestop Limited first started trading as of 2008. During its first year it achieved 1 forecourt installations in the UK. This was operational on an independent forecourt for a period of 1 year to trial the system. 
	During the trial period it achieved 1 drive off that was successfully appended and then zero drive offs for the rest of the year. As a result the police requested demonstration of the system in their workshops and put forward sites with very large drive off issues. 
	TV, Radio and forecourt magazine exposure further generated interest in the system to the extent that by the end of 2010 we had 14 successful installations nationwide. Of the 14 three were intendant forecourts and the remainder being company owned.
	In 2010 we acquired the contract to install the system at Morrison’s Wednesbury. 
	After a year of successfully deterring drive-offs from the site we were requested to survey two other sites for installation. However health issues prevented me from doing any further installations and I am now looking for a company / organisation to take over the operation and possible take the system worldwide once we have saturated the UK Market.


Financial Data:
	20,000,000		34,000,000		45,000,000		22,000,000		65,000,000		80,000,000


My Want:
	Health issues prevented me from doing any further installations and I am now looking for a company / organisation to take over the operation and possible take the system worldwide once we have saturated the UK Market.
	I would consider licensing the patent or sell the whole operation outright


Keywords:
	Petrol, theft, stinger, gas station, car, HGV, Tyres, Back axle, rear wheels, puncture, forecourt, fuel, petrol pump


Marketing Question:
	Do you feel that this is a good method for preventing petrol theft?